README.md, before:

**Requires PHP 7.0. Tested on PHP 8.1**

I always try to automate parts of my daily life if possible.

This very very simple script runs off my Raspberry Pi at home to check if my public IP address has changed. 

If yes, it will email me and I can just forward the email so my new IP address will be included in my company's remote desktop firewall rules.

In addition, it will also update CloudFlare DNS record to point the the new IP address, so basically I have a "free" Dynamic DNS setup here!

Use Docker Compose like the following. The `ip.db3` file would have to `chmod 666` so the cronjob can write to it.

```
ipcheck:
  image: php:cli-alpine
  container_name: ipcheck
  command: >
    sh -c "printf 'date.timezone = ${TZ}' > $${PHP_INI_DIR}/conf.d/tzone.ini &&
    crond -f -l 8"
  volumes:
    - /etc/localtime:/etc/localtime:ro # Use timezone from host
    - ./ipchange-reporter/crond/hourly:/etc/periodic/hourly/:ro # The file in this folder needs `chmod +u` inside the host
    - ./ipchange-reporter/src:/usr/src/ipcheck
  restart: unless-stopped
```

`ip.db3` file should be placed in `src/sqlite` folder.

Commit message:

Greatly simplify the script
* No dependencies. HTTP calls are done via either `file_get_contents()`
or `curl_exec()`.
* Use `docker compose` to run

README.md, after:

Check your public IP address (via default `https://icanhazip.com` but feel free to change to whatever service you want), and update a DNS record of your choice, in CloudFlare, and send an email notification, with Mailgun.

It will be checked every 15 minutes, but only logged to the database (SQLite) once very hour. The cron can be changed to [whatever supported by Alpine](https://wiki.alpinelinux.org/wiki/Cron). Can also check out [this FAQ](https://wiki.alpinelinux.org/wiki/Alpine_Linux:FAQ#Why_don't_my_cron_jobs_run?).

`.env` file should look like below with the data pieces for CloudFlare and Mailgun.

```
TZ=America/New_York

DATA_FOLDER_BASEPATH=/path/to/persistent/data/folder

CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN=''
CLOUDFLARE_EMAIL=''
CLOUDFLARE_ZONE_ID=''
CLOUDFLARE_DOMAIN_ID=''
CLOUDFLARE_DOMAIN_NAME=''
MAILGUN_API_KEY=''
MAILGUN_DOMAIN=''
REPORT_FROM_EMAIL=''
REPORT_TO_EMAIL=''
```

Optionally, you can also have [Litestream service](https://litestream.io/guides/docker/) to replicate the SQLite database to an AWS S3 bucket of your choice. When that is needed, uncomment out the `litestream` service in `docker-compose.yml` file, and add the following to `.env` file.

```
LITESTREAM_ACCESS_KEY_ID=''
LITESTREAM_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=''
LITESTREAM_S3_BUCKET_NAME=''
```
